# ddBlog Application

----------

**The project is generated by [LoopBack](http://loopback.io).**

## Install and Run

* You must have `node` and `git` installed.
* Install following node modules globally
	`npm -g install strongloop`
	`npm -g install gulp`
* Clone the repository
   `git clone -b master git@github.com:dopeddude/lb3-starter.git`
* `cd ddblog`
* Update node modules
	`npm update`
* Append $PWD/node_modules/.bin to PATH
* Run gulp
	`gulp bower`
* Run gulp default task
	`gulp`

## Adding new client libraries
If you want to install new client libraries follow this procedure:

* First search for the library in bower
* Install library using bower command
	`bower install <library> --save`
* Add required js files into `build/vendor-to-plugin-files.json`.  The file path is relative to bower directory.
* Run `gulp copy_vendor_files` to copy all the configured scripts to client/plugin folder.
* Configure the library into requirejs includes.  This will make the library available to use as part of the framework.

## Creating new model
* Create a new model in common/models directory.  Create <modelName>.json and <modelName>.js
* Add all the properties of model into <modelName>.json.
* Add any extra API into <modelName>.js file.
* Add the mode into server/model-config.json with appropriate datasource.

## Update submodule called dd-srvcommon
* npm run submoduleinstall:dev

###TODO
- [ ] Add eslint on server side
- [ ] Debugger should automatically restart whenever there is a change in project file
- [ ] create a shell script to create a worktree branch and push that to remote and copy node_modeuls into that folder
Ex:- git worktree add -b name-of-new-branch ../new-folder-name origin/master